[Autogenerated] Okay, so let's start talking about creating cloudwatch alarms.
Now, before we dive into this,
there are three pieces of information that I want you to know.
The first is period now,
period is the length of time that it takes to evaluate our metrics.
And this ties into the next one, which is evaluation, period.
So this is the number of your most recent periods,
which you remember the length of time that we're
evaluating that you want cloudwatch to measure.
So it's monitoring the most recent configured amount of
periods in that equals your evaluation period.
So if you want an alarm to be a little bit less sensitive,
you might set this for a higher number of evaluation periods and
then change your thresholds around a little bit.
The last time we have here is our data points to alarm.
Now,
this is the number of data points within an evaluation period
that must be breached to trigger your alarm.
Now you can see how all of these tie together.
So let's go ahead and go to the consul here,
and we're actually gonna load up this alarms section
underneath the cloudwatch page.
You can see we have three alarms already defined.
But for this clip, let's go and create a new one.
So I'm gonna click up here on create alarm,
and this brings us to the create new alarm screen.
Now,
this is where we are first going to select a metric
that we want to set an alarm force.
I click select Metric, and this brings us to a familiar screen.
We actually just saw this screen in the last clip.
This is where we're actually setting up a graft
metric for cloudwatch to measure.
So let's go and set one of these up.
I'm gonna scroll down here and let's do lambda us.
I'm gonna click on Lambda.
I'll do by function name because we only have one.
I'll do indications here,
and what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go up the graft metrics.
Let's configure this to be a some with a period of will.
Set it for one minute and I'll select this metric.
So now you can see here are name spaces.
AWS lambda were measuring the number of indications were using this function.
Get SSN parameter.
Here we have a period of one minute and then our statistic is there some?
So the number total number of indications on this function.
So I scrolled down here.
We're going to see our alarm details now.
Now, this is where we give it a name.
So let's just give this a name of too many invocations
and the description will do the same.
So let me just copy this and paste this and description and you
can see we not specify the whenever peace.
So whenever indications for this resource is and this is
where we select four different options,
that could be greater than or equal to less than equal to greater
than or less than and then we set our number here.
So for this one, let's just go ahead and greater than or equal to two,
and we'll make this pretty sensitive.
We'll send it for one out of every one data point.
And if you click this little info button here,
you can see for a one minute period, which is what we have.
There's only one data point every minute,
and you can see they talk about how I was mentioning If you
wanna have it to be a little bit more sensitive,
you're gonna have this trigger on less data points out
of your total that you're measuring.
So if you want a trigger on one out of five data points,
it's gonna be a sensitive alarm.
So we'll leave this now.
So any time we have indications greater or equal to two
for this get SSN parameter function, we're gonna go ahead and cause an alarm.
Now,
the next thing we see is additional settings so we can treat
are missing data as several options missing.
We can ignore it.
We can treat it as bad.
So this breaches are threshold and causes an alarm, or we can just set it too.
Good.
Now the default is missing,
and this will just say insufficient data and then nothing will happen.
So we'll leave this right now and we'll move on down
to the bottom where we see actions.
So what actions do we want to take and you can actually see here?
There are three different options begin to a notification,
which is what we see here.
We can do an auto scaling action.
So if we had an auto scaling group,
we could select it from there and then take a certain action like expand or
maybe shrink back in this auto scaling group and then the last one we have
here is our ec2 action so we can spin up other resource is or do something
else related to easy to metrics.
But since we're doing a Lambda metric, this is not coming into play.
So we're gonna go and use this default notification action here.
And whenever this alarm is moved to a state of alarm,
which we can change too okay or insufficient.
But we'll leave it at alarm.
We want cloudwatch to send a notification to my SNS topic.
So this is going to send me a text via a message that's
sent to us from cloudwatch toe s and s and then to my
phone whenever this is an alarm.
So I'm gonna go ahead and down here and I'm gonna click on create alarm.
So we've now made are too many indications alarm here,
so we can see it's insufficient data,
and what I'm actually gonna do is I'm gonna go ahead in pause this video for
a little bit and let this catch up and then I'll resume.
And once I resume will actually start trying to trigger this alarm.
Okay,
so I gave it a few minutes just to make sure we weren't
gonna experience any funky behavior.
And you can see it.
Set it insufficient data.
Still.
So what I'm gonna do here is I'm gonna go over to my lame to console.
I loaded this function,
and I'm just gonna go and start testing and indicating this lame to function.
So I'm gonna click this several times here,
and I'm gonna pause this video all I do this and then I'll go back.
Okay, so I've tested it several times.
Let me go and close this, and I'm gonna refresh this alarms page,
and what I'm gonna go and do is I'm gonna pause this one last time here,
and I'm gonna let this catch up and then we'll see
that it moves to an alarm state.
All right?
You can actually see that.
It's now picked it up on the graph that we have
invoked this function eight times.
So in a second, we should see this switch to alarm,
because this has now breached this threshold.
That was set at two.
And there we go.
It's now moved toe in alarm state.
What this did was actually text me with the topic name and then the alarm name.
So I see on my phone this little picture right here,
which mentions the alarm name in the region that it's being triggered from.
So now if we give this another minute or two,
this had actually moved back out of the alarm status
because the period that were measuring,
which is one minute is going to have zero indications.
Because I only invoke this during that one period of this
clip where I was trying to test this alarm.
States all pause this for now and then will resume
when it's out of this alarm state.
Okay,
We can see now that it's moved out of alarm state back to insufficient data.
So this alarm has moved into the insufficient data stage because the data
is missing and you can see that here at the bottom.
Now,
the last thing I want to show you in this clip before we really
move on here is over here on the left side.
You can see we have where we can shortcut to our alarms
that are currently in alarm state.
We can see are insufficient ones, and we can even see ROK ones.
So what I'll do here is I'll go into this.
Let me modify this alarm, and I want to treat missing data here as good.
So we'll go and save changes here.
Now, the last thing on this page is building.
So this allows us to create a shortcut here or take a shortcut toe,
look at billing related alarms or create billing related alarms.
And you can see that I created to hear when that measures for
anything over $10 within one data point for every six hours or
anything where it goes over free.
And this is a very typical set up for people that are
just trying to dive into a ws and be OK.
Now we can see here that one of these switch to Okay,
so if I refresh this, we can see our too many indications has switched to Okay,
so this allows us to very quickly navigate what alarms are being triggered.
Now that's gonna do it for this clip.
I'll see you in the next one. We're going to start talking about cloudwatch logging